README.md, before:

# git-checker

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

Your friendly neighborhood git repository checker. Finds dirty / unpushed
repositories and tells you.

```bash
$ python checker.py
- Checked at and below: ~
- Found 23 git repositories.

The following 2 directories have dirty WDs:
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_git-checker/
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_beautyplot/

The following 1 directories need to be pushed:
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_git-checker/
$ 
```

This is useful if, like me, most of your code lives and is backed up on GitHub,
and you want to make sure things are up-to-date and pushed in case of a hard
drive failure.

## Basic usage

By default, the checker checks under your home directory (`~`) and all
subdirectories, then prints a report for you in the console.

```bash
$ python checker.py
```

## Email reports

You need to create two additional files before you can run with email reports
enabled.

0. `recipient` : one line: the email address of who should receive the report
0. `sender` : two lines: (1) the username (2) the password of the Gmail account
   for sending the report

Then, just run
```bash
$ python checker.py --email
```

## Advanced usage

### Cron job, emailed reports

_The examples below run the git checker daily at 9pm (0 minutes, 21 hours),
look at and below your home directory (`~`), and email you the result._

If you already have a crontabs file, add this line to it:  
`0 21 * * * python </Path/to/checker.py> --email`

If you don't, run the following command in this repo (the same directory as
`checker.py`), and it will set up a `crontab.txt` file in `~/crontab.txt`.

```bash
$ echo 0 21 '* * *' python `pwd`/checker.py --email > ~/crontab.txt; crontab ~/crontab.txt
```

### Check specified directory tree, print _and_ email result

```bash
$ python checker.py /Path/to/check/below --both
```

## Help

To get a list of all command line options, just run with `-h` or `--help`.

```bash
$ python checker.py -h
```

## TODO

- [ ] Add computer info to summary (useful if running on multiple computers).

Commit message:

people would probably use this if it was for node right? (oh wait does node have one?) (actual change: make some TODOs)

README.md, after:

# git-checker

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

Your friendly neighborhood git repository checker. Finds dirty / unpushed
repositories and tells you.

```bash
$ python checker.py
- Checked at and below: ~
- Found 23 git repositories.

The following 2 directories have dirty WDs:
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_git-checker/
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_beautyplot/

The following 1 directories need to be pushed:
	 - /Users/max/repos/py_git-checker/
$
```

This is useful if, like me, most of your code lives and is backed up on GitHub,
and you want to make sure things are up-to-date and pushed in case of a hard
drive failure.

## Basic usage

By default, the checker checks under your home directory (`~`) and all
subdirectories, then prints a report for you in the console.

```bash
$ python checker.py
```

## Email reports

You need to create two additional files before you can run with email reports
enabled.

0. `recipient` : one line: the email address of who should receive the report
0. `sender` : two lines: (1) the username (2) the password of the Gmail account
   for sending the report

Then, just run
```bash
$ python checker.py --email
```

## Advanced usage

### Cron job, emailed reports

_The examples below run the git checker daily at 9pm (0 minutes, 21 hours),
look at and below your home directory (`~`), and email you the result._

If you already have a crontabs file, add this line to it:
`0 21 * * * python </Path/to/checker.py> --email`

If you don't, run the following command in this repo (the same directory as
`checker.py`), and it will set up a `crontab.txt` file in `~/crontab.txt`.

```bash
$ echo 0 21 '* * *' python `pwd`/checker.py --email > ~/crontab.txt; crontab ~/crontab.txt
```

### Check specified directory tree, print _and_ email result

```bash
$ python checker.py /Path/to/check/below --both
```

## Help

To get a list of all command line options, just run with `-h` or `--help`.

```bash
$ python checker.py -h
```

## TODO

- [ ] Add computer info to summary (useful if running on multiple computers).
- [ ] argparse
- [ ] pep8
- [ ] tests
- [ ] travis
- [ ] maybe pypi?
- [ ] GIFs are cool right?
